README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="http://nestjs.com/" target="blank"><img src="https://nestjs.com/img/logo_text.svg" width="320" alt="Nest Logo" /></a>
</p>

[travis-image]: https://api.travis-ci.org/nestjs/nest.svg?branch=master
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/nestjs/nest
[linux-image]: https://img.shields.io/travis/nestjs/nest/master.svg?label=linux
[linux-url]: https://travis-ci.org/nestjs/nest
  
  <p align="center">A progressive <a href="http://nodejs.org" target="blank">Node.js</a> framework for building efficient and scalable server-side applications, heavily inspired by <a href="https://angular.io" target="blank">Angular</a>.</p>

## Project description

A Self-defined project for managing tasks based on users and teams

## Installation

```bash
$ npm install
```

## Running the app

```bash
# development
$ npm run start

# watch mode
$ npm run start:dev

# production mode
$ npm run start:prod
```

## Stay in touch

- Author - [Mohammad Hossein Saadat](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mohammad-hossein-saadat-301627164/)
- Website - (not yet)

Commit message:

Add Queries and change entities to use as types too

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="http://nestjs.com/" target="blank"><img src="https://nestjs.com/img/logo_text.svg" width="320" alt="Nest Logo" /></a>
</p>

[travis-image]: https://api.travis-ci.org/nestjs/nest.svg?branch=master
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/nestjs/nest
[linux-image]: https://img.shields.io/travis/nestjs/nest/master.svg?label=linux
[linux-url]: https://travis-ci.org/nestjs/nest
  
  <p align="center">A progressive <a href="http://nodejs.org" target="blank">Node.js</a> framework for building efficient and scalable server-side applications, heavily inspired by <a href="https://angular.io" target="blank">Angular</a>.</p>

## Project description

A Self-defined project for managing tasks based on users and teams

#### Using GraphQL and MySQL

## Installation

> Hint: Install mysql database on your machine and change database config in typeorm.config.ts file before running 

```bash
$ npm install
```

## Running the app

```bash
# development - on localhost:4000
$ npm run start

# watch mode
$ npm run start:dev

# production mode
$ npm run start:prod
```

## Stay in touch

- Author - [Mohammad Hossein Saadat](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mohammad-hossein-saadat-301627164/)
- Website - (not yet)
